---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flashblade_certificate_group Resource - flashblade"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a FlashBlade certificate group that bundles certificates for use in TLS policies.
---

# flashblade_certificate_group (Resource)

Manages a FlashBlade certificate group that bundles certificates for use in TLS policies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flashblade_certificate_group" "example" {
  name = "my-ca-bundle"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the certificate group. Changing this forces a new resource.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the certificate group.
- `realms` (List of String) The list of realms associated with this certificate group. Set by the array.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import flashblade_certificate_group.example my-ca-bundle
```
