---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flashblade_object_store_account_export Resource - flashblade"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a FlashBlade object store account export.
---

# flashblade_object_store_account_export (Resource)

Manages a FlashBlade object store account export.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "flashblade_object_store_account_export" "example" {
  account_name = "terraform-account"
  server_name  = "terraform-server"
  policy_name  = "terraform-s3-policy"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) The name of the object store account to export. Changing this forces a new resource.
- `policy_name` (String) The name of the S3 export policy to apply to the export.
- `server_name` (String) The name of the server to export to. Changing this forces a new resource.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the export is enabled. Defaults to true.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the object store account export.
- `name` (String) The combined name of the export (e.g. 'account/export_name').

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
