---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flashblade_object_store_remote_credentials Resource - flashblade"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages FlashBlade object store remote credentials for cross-array bucket replication.
---

# flashblade_object_store_remote_credentials (Resource)

Manages FlashBlade object store remote credentials for cross-array bucket replication.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Name must be formatted as <remote-name>/<credentials-name>
resource "flashblade_object_store_remote_credentials" "example" {
  name              = "remote-flashblade/my-remote-creds"
  access_key_id     = "PSABSSZRHPMEDKHMAAJPJBMMCMOEHOPS"
  secret_access_key = var.remote_secret_access_key
  remote_name       = "remote-flashblade"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The access key ID for the remote S3 credentials.
- `name` (String) The name of the remote credentials. Changing this forces a new resource.
- `remote_name` (String) The name of the remote array connection. Changing this forces a new resource.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret access key for the remote S3 credentials.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the remote credentials.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import flashblade_object_store_remote_credentials.example my-remote-creds
```
